Add FP8 support (#24)
nlesc-recruit/ccglib: README.md

Input type  | Output type      | NVIDIA | AMD | Notes
----------  | -----------      | ------ | - | -

> float8e4m3  | float32          | Compute capability >= 8.9 | CDNA3 and RDNA4 only | Only RDNA4 implements FP8 in hardware

Reviewer: CDNA3/4 also implement FP8 in hardware afaik, is the note accurate?

> float8e4m3  | float32          | Compute capability >= 8.9 | CDNA3 and RDNA4 only | Only RDNA4 implements FP8 in hardware

Reviewer 2: For `tensorfloat` we use the name instead of the CC. The note regarding 'in hardware' may be misinterpreted. Finally, `float8` for consistency instead of `FP8`.
```suggestion
float8e4m3  | float32          | Ada or newer | CDNA3 and RDNA4 only | On AMD, only RDNA4 implements float8 in hardware
```
